README.md, before:

# Microsoft Dynamics API Client
Ruby library for accessing Microsoft Dynamics 365 and 2016 via the Microsoft Web API.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

    gem 'msdynamics'

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install msdynamics

## Usage

#### Access token authentication

To obtain the initial access and refresh tokens you can use [OmniAuth](https://github.com/omniauth/omniauth) in combination with [OmniAuth Azure](https://github.com/KonaTeam/omniauth-azure-oauth2)
```ruby
client = MSDynamics.new({
    hostname: "https://test.crm3.dynamics.com",
    access_token: "djhksjdhu3ye83y",
    refresh_token: "djhksjdhu3ye83y",
    client_id: "absjkdh3ewrwr",
    client_secret: "djskdhak82u3kjhk"
})
```

### Retrieving entity records

Entity types are: `accounts`, `contacts`, `leads` and `opportunities`
```ruby
accounts = client.get_entity_records('accounts')
contacts = client.get_entity_records('contacts')
leads = client.get_entity_records('leads')
opportunities = client.get_entity_records('opportunities')
```

### Modifying or creating entity records

Modifying or creating entity records is currently not supported by this library. Pull or feature requests are welcome!

### OAuth Token Refresh

```ruby
new_token_object = client.refresh_token
```

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request

Commit message:

Update API version to 9.0 and use client credentials and Application User for S2S communication

README.md, after:

# Microsoft Dynamics API Client
Ruby library for accessing Microsoft Dynamics 365 and 2016 via the Microsoft Web API.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

    gem 'msdynamics'

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install msdynamics

## Usage

#### Access token authentication

To obtain the initial access and refresh tokens you can use [OmniAuth](https://github.com/omniauth/omniauth) in combination with [OmniAuth Azure](https://github.com/KonaTeam/omniauth-azure-oauth2)
```ruby
client = MSDynamics.new({
    hostname: "https://test.crm3.dynamics.com",
    tenant_id: "djhksjdhu3ye83y",
    client_id: "absjkdh3ewrwr",
    client_secret: "djskdhak82u3kjhk"
})
```
### Arguments
1. hostname  : Host URL for dynamics instance.
2. tenant_id   : tenant_id of the Dynamics App created for S2S API communication
3. client_id   : client_id of the Dynamics App created for S2S API communication
4. client_secret   : client_secret of the Dynamics App created for S2S API communication

To set up API user you will need to create an Application User and assign the Application ID to this user. User Role of Application User decides to what entities this client will have access to.

### Retrieving entity records

Entity types are: `accounts`, `contacts`, `leads` and `opportunities`
```ruby
accounts = client.get_entity_records('accounts', "$top3")
contacts = client.get_entity_records('contacts', "$top3")
leads = client.get_entity_records('leads', "$top3")
opportunities = client.get_entity_records('opportunities', "$top3")
```

### Modifying or creating entity records

Modifying or creating entity records is currently not supported by this library. Pull or feature requests are welcome!

### OAuth Token Refresh

```ruby
new_token_object = client.refresh_token
```

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request
